# about me
Nathaniel Alexander

Hello my name is Nathaniel Alexander and I am a computer science major at SUNY New Paltz. I started off my computer science major at Dutchess Community college and mostly focused on Java and took a course on IBM Assembly. I graduated last year with my associates and transferred to SUNY New Paltz. At DCC I took Computer science 1, 2, and 3 (data structures). We used java in all of these courses. We started off learning the basic fundamental concepts of programming such as simple data types, arrays, methods, classes, etc. Then we ended off at Computer Science 3 covering more data structures. When I transferred to New Paltz I took Object Oriented Programming with professor Fialkow. Now I am currently taking Web Programming, Computer Science 3, and Software engineering. These courses will most definitely expand my programming knowledge and lead me to discover new things. I have never really touched any programming language besides Java. I have only scratched the surface of HTML and CSS in highschool, making my own personal webpage, which I found very enjoyable. To be honest, I have not done much programming outside of school, very little projects were involved in my free time, but I hope to change that when I gain more knowledge thanks to this course.

My hope for this course is to dig deep into new technologies that I have not yet learned, and more importantly develop new skills. I am mostly looking forward to developing actual useful projects. The projects discussed on our first day have given me more of a hands-on feeling in this course and that is what I am most looking forward to. Getting hands on and making projects will definitely help me in my future, giving me more experience and more knowledge on different programming languages and technologies that I have not yet learned. I am sure with what I will learn in this course, like web app development or even mobile apps, I will have many ideas and projects down later on in life after I get an education in this course.
